Improve documents (#204)
rocker-org/rocker-versioned2: README.md

folder](./build) use these to create the actual Dockerfiles under [the `dockerfiles/` folder](./dockerfiles) and images are built using the `Makefile`.

> These Dockerfiles are server as examples of how to build your own custom images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These Dockerfiles serve as examples of how to build your own custom images.
```
